I always say that the value curve
is an exceptional tool because
it helps us visualize very intuitively
how the value proposition,
the competitive proposal
of the different segments, is.
And it also helps us to analyze
what others do, analyze what
your value proposal is, to look
for innovations, to look for
your gap in the market, etc.
Today we will do as we asked
you, with the restoration sector.
I think it's easy because it'
s a sector we're all customers of.
And what we will do is visualize
through the value curve how
the proposal of the different
segments within the offer is.
Of the top restaurants, which
have for example Michelin
stars, of the luxury restaurants
or Prime, of the day menu restaurants,
of the low cost chains,
etc.
What we'll see is what factors
they invest in and how they seek their
differentiation.
Well, the first thing I've asked
you is let's identify the
competitive factors, that is,
those factors in which restaurants
are almost all investing
to offer a greater value to
their customers.
I hope my analysis is in close
agreement with yours.
The price has to be included because
it is always one of the competitive
factors.
In the case of restaurants, location
is very important.
If you are located in a better area
within the city, you can charge
more, it will offer more value, clearly.
The quality of food, sophistication,
personal service, all restaurants
invest in having waiters
and people of attention to
the public that offer a greater
value to their customers.
It is one of the main investment
steps and one of the
main determinants of perceived
value.
The chef, especially
in the most valuable restaurants,
the chef is something
now needed.
Invest in recognized figures.
The environment, the decoration, be
beautiful, be pleasant, etc.
The environment and the environment
are all about the public, the rest
of the customers.
When you go to a restaurant you
expect, depending on the type of
restaurant it is, you expect a different
atmosphere.
The Marker.
Restaurants invest in brand,
invest like all kinds of
companies.
And how do they do it?
The most valuable do so through
certifications, such as Michelin
Stras, but they are all present
on networks like TripAdvisor,
invest in having a presence
on social networks,
etc.
A brand is a common denominator in
which everyone in one way or another
invests.
The convenience.
By convenience I am referring
to the proximity to where
you are, speed, comfort, etc.
It is easy to get to this
restaurant.
This is a very important factor that
many of you may not have included
in the analysis of competitive
factors.
And finally, I have included the number
of points of sale, because depending
on whether we are talking about
chains or individual restaurants,
well, because here the difference
is between them or not.
Well, I think these are the
main competitive factors around
which competition revolves,
or that we could say more
if we would later identify
some more.
Some more associated with particular
proposals from private restaurants.
But this would be common to everyone, right?
I think you will be with me.
Subscribe to the channel!